Rover menu reorganization and slight content improvement (#5282)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: rover/source/docs/rover-video-demonstrations.rst

Rover Video Demonstrations
==========================

This is a collection of videos, showcasing the Rover autopilot system in actual operational scenarios.

.. tip::

>    Please add, or let a dev know, of any additional videos or use cases that are relevant to include here!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Please add, or let a dev know, of any additional videos or use cases that are relevant to be included here!
```
